Minutes

All team present

ODE solver, not broken as before but not correct. 
Fractmentation was turned off because its not working. 

Creating analytical solution for comparison with tests

Aim for today-
Fix the program without burst alttiude
Implement burst altitude 

Mike - Creating tests
Laura - Fixing ODE to give correct results
Ollie - Implementing compulsorary functionality
        Looking into whether inbuilt functionality
        for peicewise ODE solver
Hameed - Implementing analytical solution
Sanaz - Begin Jupyter Notebook

Potential other tasks 
- Find good boundary case values
- Research standard values for asteroid strength etc. 
- How to switch between constant radius and expanding 
when the tensile strength is exceeeded. Either look into
whether there is inbuilt functionality within the Scipy 
function. Or can run once, find the point where the 
tensile strength is exceeded and then rerun the solver
from that point using indexing. 
- Before the burst occurs how can the asteroid keep the
same radius and still lose mass at the same rate as before.
The mass change should be zero prior to burst.
- 

Questions for Gareth
- Should we make a crater? When should we stop
Stop when reaches the ground.
- Need to know what the situation is regarding mass
prior to burst
Can make other assumptinos but needs to be well justified.
He makes the assumption that the asteroid is a cylinder.
Should change from spherical to cylinder
- Do we only need to look at KE when it comes to calculating
energy loss
Only look at KE not at PE
- Is the KE measured using speed or velocity. 
It is speed not velocity that is used to measure KE.

Feedback from Gareth
- Should use branches and pull requests as opposed to 
merging directly to the master in order to improve workflow.


Problems to be resolved
- Are we happy with using the Euler method instead of events.
Should be fine if performance isnt too much worst.
- Need to find the differential equations for height and
rho post-burst.
- Need to write common sense pytests
- Analytical solution is too low and not sure why
- Read through hills paper
